Refresh Agent Builder docs for 9.4 UI and navigation (#5850)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/chat.md

Select **View JSON** to view the full raw response data. For more information, refer to [Monitor token usage](monitor-usage.md).

### Review and confirm agent changes
```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.4+
```

You control every write operation an agent performs. Whenever an agent proposes to create, update, or delete a resource, the chat pauses and presents a preview before anything takes effect. The preview format and available actions depend on the skill the agent is using.

No changes are applied until you explicitly confirm or dismiss.

:::{image} images/agent-builder-preview-changes.png
:screenshot:
:alt: Preview panel showing proposed changes from an agent action before they are applied.

> :width: 250px

Reviewer: this one is small 😄  🔍 

https://docs-v3-preview.elastic.dev/elastic/docs-content/pull/5850/explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/chat#review-and-confirm-agent-changes

Select **View JSON** to view the full raw response data. For more information, refer to [Monitor token usage](monitor-usage.md).

### Review and confirm agent changes
```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.4+
```

When an agent proposes a change that would modify a resource, the chat pauses and presents a preview of the proposed changes before they take effect. The format of the preview and the actions available depend on the skill the agent is using.

> No changes are applied until you explicitly confirm or dismiss the preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You control every write operation an agent performs. Whenever an agent proposes to create, update, or delete a resource, the chat pauses and presents a preview before anything takes effect. The preview format and available actions depend on the skill the agent is using.

No changes are applied until you explicitly confirm or dismiss.
```

slight tweak to be clearer about write operations having a HITL

**Overview**
:   Displays a summary of the selected agent, including the total count of assigned skills and tools. Use the quick links to edit the agent's instructions or settings.

**Skills**
:   Lists the skills assigned to the current agent. Click a skill to open a read-only detail panel on the right side. To assign new skills, click **Add skill**. To view and manage all skills across the deployment, click **Manage all skills**. Skills you import into the library must be turned on with their toggle in this list before the agent can use them. For how skills work and how to manage them, refer to [Skills in {{agent-builder}}](skills.md).

<!--
**Plugins**
:   TODO Will be added in an other PR
-->

**Tools**
:   Lists the [tools](tools.md) assigned to the current agent. Click a tool to open a read-only detail panel. To assign new tools, click **Add tool**. To view and manage all tools, click **Manage all tools**.

:::{image} images/customize-your-agent-accordion.png
:alt: Customize accordion open
:width: 200px
:::

## Manage components [manage-components]

```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.4+
```

> The **Manage components** link at the bottom of the left sidebar exits the single-agent view and opens the global component management area. This area provides master lists of all agents, skills, and tools available across the deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Manage components** link at the bottom of the left sidebar exits the single-agent view. It provides an overview of all agents, skills, and tools available across the deployment.
```

less wordy and _master_ is a loaded term

**Agents**
:   View all agents in the deployment. The list displays each agent's name, visibility badge (**Public**, **Shared**, or **Read-only**), and any custom labels. From this page, you can create new agents, edit existing ones, or start a chat.

**Skills**
:   View and manage all skills available in the deployment. Create new skills or edit existing ones.

<!--
**Plugins**
:   TODO Will be added in an other PR

**Connectors**
:   TODO Will be added in an other PR

> -->

Reviewer: you can probably add these here TBH

(just a one-liner description for moment is fine)

**Tools**
:   View and manage all tools. The global Tools page includes a search bar, **Labels** filter, **Manage MCP** dropdown, **Manage agents** link, and **+ New tool** button.

:::{image} images/manage-components.png

> :alt: Manage componenet menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:alt: Manage component menu
```
